

## Team Name: Webstars

## Project name : Movify

## Team Members:- 
Krushal Dobariya - (N01551523)
Dharit Patel - (N01544180)
Nisha Soni - (N01533954)
Aditi Acharya - (N01546405)
Glenn Charles Machado (N01526236)

## Team Leader
Dharit Patel

## pages

# Dharit
•	seat select
In this page, I have added the seat selector so that the user can choose his/her desired seat based on the number of seats the user purchased. The seats has two tier, the recliner seat and normal seats. For the javascript part, I have added seat select function so when the user select the seat , it changed the color to green while the already booked seat has grey color. Also, I have added validation so that user can’t choose more seats that he already purchased.

•	Cart page
In this page, I have created the cart page for our project movify.com. when user select a movie, no. of seat and seat type, then a total amount will be generated by adding taxes and discount. For the javascript part, I have first created an object of all available discount code. So, when the user applied the code from the available code, if the match is found the a popup will appear and the amount will be deducted from the payable amount.

•	Checkout page
In this checkout page, user will enter the billing detail and choose the mode of payment. For billing detail, I have included fields like name, email, country, state and postal code, while for the payment mode, I have included credit card and paypal.
For the javascript part, I have added the form validation so the user cannot place an order, until the user fill all the detail. If the field is remail empty, then an error message will be shown and form will not submitted.

# Aditi
•	Movie detail page
The movie detail page shows the details of the movie from where people can choose the movie to watch , moreover there are options for downloading and sharing the movie as well.

•	events
Event page illustrates the movie theater names where that movie is already posted so with the help of it a person can see the availablity of the movie by choosing its location

•	Choose no. of ticket page and seat type
The type of seat page significance would be to choose the type of seats a person wants while watching a movie it has various levels in it from basic to luxury

# Krushal
•	About us page
About Us Page - consists of some general information about Movify. Also, a Contact Form is attached to it to get contacted by the user, and solve any queries, and improve their experience with Movify.

•	Admin page
that consists of lables and input fields for checking the username and password for the adiministrator to login into the system. Media Queries has been added to the code for mobile view. Also the form validation is provided using JavaScript. 

•	Confirmation page
In this page, an e-ticket will be displayed to prove that the seat has been confirmed and that will have information such as name, movie name, timing, seat number, multiplex name etc.

# Nisha
•	Home page
when user open the site this page will appear first. This page contains details regarding such as upcoming movies, recommended movies, newly released movies as well as navigation bar and banners.

•	login page
Login page is for user who has already created the account. LOGIN page will ask for username and password for login to the movie detail or the main page.

•	Contact us page
In contact us page user will find contact details to reach us also they can fill queries related to their payment, refund, exchange. 

# Glenn
•	List of movies
The second feature is list of movies.This page gives us the details about the list of movies in theatres.It consists of the UPCOMING , NEW RELEASE MOVIES and also the language the movie will be in.The list of movies page has also the option to choose the movies based on genres like horror, comedy, action etc.

•	Register page
The register page consist of registration form used to take the details of the user.The user can enter the details and then login via the login page.For validation purpose javascript has been used to take the input from the user.After the successful details are entered it will give a pop up alert that the registration is been successfully done.

•	Deals and offer
The offers and deals page is basically for various offers and coupons user can have while checking out and billing the tickets. The user can choose from a variety of coupons available for various discount items which includes travel, food , etc.To copy the code and paste it in the checkout section javascript is been used for using the coupons code from the page itself and pasting it in the checkout page.






